Age: 42 Years
Gender: Male
Specimen: Shoebill
Weight: 150 pounds
Height: 9 ft 3 in
Role: Main Villain, Rival

Description:
Highly intelligent, yet hard to communicate with due to his short temper. Dr. Stenfort owns a corporation called [S.R.A.M] (Scientific Research Of Animal Mutation & Modification), whose goal is to take over parts of the city and eventually the world, as a way to pay back what society has done to his parents.

Log History:
Why is he the way he is? His parents owned a facility at the time they were alive, where they developed cures for diseases like cancer, some of which were previously thought to be incurable. They arranged appointments and events to provide these treatments free of charge, as they were not motivated by profit. However, some corporations took issue with this altruistic approach. Certain corporations devised a plan to infiltrate and steal the vaccines and formulas.

The attack did not go as planned. While the intruders did manage to steal some of the formulas, a skirmish broke out and chaos ensued. Unfortunately, one reckless individual decided it was a good idea to discharge a vial containing a virus, causing it to spread throughout the facility. The shoebill you see now is fine, as his parents instructed some of their employees to help him evacuate while they stayed behind in an attempt to defend the facility.

The entire area was quarantined for an extended period until it was safe to re-enter. Tragically, both his parents and the intruders contracted the virus and slowly had their health decay over time. It's unfortunate how things unfolded. After his parents passed away from the illness, he was left alone, now filled with nothing but intense frustration and anger towards the individuals whose greed ultimately cost his parents’ lives. He inherited everything and subsequently transformed the facility from a peaceful sanctuary for healing into something entirely more sinister, where he now mutates anything he can get his hands on to do his bidding.